[DOC-2809] CI docs - Bug Bash (#1098)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/migration-guides/migrating-from-circleci.md

### Environment variables

- Project-level environment variables in CircleCI are set using the web app and then referenced in the pipeline. To use environment variables across multiple projects CircleCI uses Context.
- Harness allows users to add variables on project, organization, and account levels. You can reference those variables using the following expression syntax: `<+variable.[scope].[variable_id]>`. Here's the syntax for variables declared at different levels:
  - Account-level reference: `<+variable.account.[var_id]>`
  - Org-level reference: `<+variable.org.[var_id]>`
  - Project-level reference: `<+variable.[var_id]>`

> To learn more about account, project, and organization-level variables go to [Add Account, Org, and Project-level variables](/docs/platform/variables-and-expressions/add-a-variable/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about variables for accounts, projects, and organizations, go to [Add Account, Org, and Project-level variables](/docs/platform/variables-and-expressions/add-a-variable/).
```

### Matrix

Matrix jobs in CircleCI are achieved using parameters and then referencing them in the pipeline using the following expression syntax: `<< parameters.param >>`

Matrices are one looping execution strategy provided by Harness. Matrices gives the ability to execute the same set of tasks multiple times for a bunch of different configurations. This is achieved by mentioning user-defined tags and referencing them in the pipeline using the following expression syntax: `<+matrix.usertag>`

> To learn about matrices and other looping strategies, go to [Looping Strategies Overview](/docs/platform/pipelines/looping-strategies-matrix-repeat-and-parallelism)

Reviewer: FWIW Some ESL users might not realize that "matrices" is the plural of "matrix" -- one reviewer told me to remove this word on the grounds that it was confusing. Consider rewording this section to use "matrix" instead of  "matrices" -- for example, "With Harness, you can define matrix looping strategies that run the same task with different inputs at the same time."
